Falafels
#######################

:date: 2014-08-15
:author: Roberto Segebre
:tags: vegetarian, middle-eastern
:category: Recipes

.. contents::
..

Ingredients:
============
* 15-18 oz can of Chickpeas
* Parsley/Coriander
* 3 garlic cloves
* ½ Onion
* Bread Crumbs or Flour
* 1 Eggs
* Salt/pepper
* Cumin

Preparation:
=============
1. Drain Chickpeas.
2. Mince the garlic, onions and parsley; add a couple tablespoons of oil and place in a separate container to blend into a paste.
3. Then add the chickpeas to the paste and blend further. Or if no blend is available you can mash the chickpeas with the bottom of a water cup.
4. Mix the paste and the mashed chickpeas together, adding 2 tablespoons of cumin, salt and pepper to taste, a beaten egg and ¼ cup of breadcrumbs. Mix thoroughly, if mixture is too wet add more breadcrumbs. You should be able to for a small circular pattys without them breaking or cracking. 
5. To form the patties, wet your hands and take a tablespoon of the falafel mix into your hands to roll a ball. Then flatten it to form a ½ inch disk or so and place on a plate. 

Cooking Instructions:
======================
Once you are done preparing all the falafels, get a pan on medium-low heat add enough vegetable oil to cover half of the falafels. Wait until the oil is hot enough, you can test by adding a bit of the falafel mix and seeing if bubbles start coming out. Then you can start putting the falafels in the frying pan. Cook 5 minutes on each side, or until brown crispy outside.

Note:
======
I like eating these with lightly toasted pita bread cut in half to make a small pocket to insert falafels. Then add a little sauce which is a mixture of diced cucumber, tomatoes, plain greek yogurt, a dash or two of milk and salt. 

Enjoy and let me know if you have any suggestions below!

~rs
